{5}  -*- text -*- 
[0:

Sun Mar 17 03:00:08 2019 OK just spent, of course, waaaay too much
time deciding on the name of this 'BC' directory.  For quick context
and for the record, here are some of the things I considered:

List DLL SWorm Worm QWorm Chain Link Poly Polymer Mer Meros Item Seq
QSeq D1

[1:

Sun Mar 17 03:06:59 2019 Although 'D1' is looking kind of appealing
again, now that I write all those down.  '1D' can't be a type but 'D1'
can..  'Dimension 1'.  I ended up landing on BC, for 'Base Chain' or
'Basic Chain' mostly because it's relatively neutral between CS and
biochemistry and it's got MFM history on its side.[2:

Sun Mar 17 03:10:19 2019 The other thing I spent a lahhhhhht of time
on was wishing I could have something like multiple inheritance in
ulam, like an 'ulam 5' or something.  I've been frustrated about my
inability to reuse ulam code--always having to be rewriting it
instead, and talking about Bar being 'in the spirit' of some previous
Foo.  And thinking about it again now -- because I'd really like this
chain link stuff to be _somewhat_ general -- it keeps seeming like a
main reason I have to rewrite is because each different project needs
its own base class.  It seemed if you had some syntax where a class
could delegate handling some type Foo to one of its own data members
(of type Foo), you kind get a chunk of multiple inheritance by turning
a 'hasa' into a 'pseudo-isa'. [3:

Sun Mar 17 03:18:22 2019 Not sure.  We'll see, someday, perhaps.  For
sure there would be lots of unobvious implementation issues.  

Anyway so I spent time on that.  But for now we're just going to do BC
in ulam 4 and that's that.  Want to just get into the design space and
start springing the bear traps..

:3]

:2]

:1]

:0]
[4:

Sun Mar 17 03:24:14 2019 Making BC yet another private repo at github,
I guess!  Free for up to three developers per repo is pretty tempting,
I admit.  One, Two, Three, Publically.. Makes sense to me.  'Then
Public Be'.

:4]
